there's a little number we call bad town
[Music]
see that man went going - he's got
rhinestones in his boots Oh Lord she's a
bad one
see the lacing over there with the
painted face and the perfumed air oh
lord please a bad one and this is bad
town
everybody
[Music]
don't fool around don't fool around a
little back
everybody in this town is fast everybody
is down born bad
that man there's my mayor that man
there's not freeze Batman there gave
birth to me and that man is the Batman
down it's a bad bad bad bad down go this
is bad down everybody
bang
back
[Music]
Oh everybody and it sounds bad every
morning is down more bad every mother's
daughter and every day everybody in this
town is bad lady
[Music]
all the boys drink vinegar and all the
mini trucks all the women are tough as
nails and all the chickens are calm down
it's a bad bad bad
oh this is bad town everybody in this
town is bad
[Music]
don't over and is feeling bad
i AMS down it's bad never been born in
it down the hall bath every mother's
daughter and every dad
everybody in this alley is man
[Music]
well you wouldn't know that was about
Guatemala No